>> Brian Holt: So
now we're gonna write some code in here.
Instead of our script tag,
I'm gonna say const.
App.
Equals an arrow function.
>> Brian Holt: So some of you might be
mystified by this hieroglyphic here.
This is what's called a font ligature.
So, I have a special font to make
it beautiful that I've installed
that when I have certain characters that
are next to each other, it combines them.
It's pretty, so that's why I do it.
It also supposedly less cognitive overhead
parts one character instead of two.
Blah, blah, blah.
I do it because I think it looks nice.
So if I put space here, you'll see
that it's actually in equal signs and
an angle bracket, but
if you put them together it's get that.
So I'm just gonna show you very quickly
how to do that cuz I frequently get asked
on how do I get that for myself.
The name of this font that I'm
using is called Dank Mono.
I didn't name it,
that's exactly what it's called.
At Dank.sh, these wonderful people
actually sponsored concatenate or
our conference so shout out to them.
This is a $50 font for
the sake it's 40 pounds now,
which is I guess more than $50.
So you can get that if you want to.
You spent a lot of time looking at font,
so
that might be something to consider I
get no kick back from this by the way.
I'm just a fan.
But, if you don't wanna pay for one,
there's another one called
FIRA Code that is free.
>> Brian Holt: And this very nice
person has done that for you.
And there are ways to install it.
So how to install,
you can get that down here.
I got it off which is
the easy way to do it.
So, FiraCode would be the other one.
Okay, so once you have one of those
installed, the way that you put that into
VS code is, I'm gonna open my settings so,
preferences,
settings here, or you can hit command
comma, whatever that would be for windows.
Okay, so you have to change two things.
One of them you have to
change is your front.
So here, I have Dank Mono first and
FiraCode second,
it works just like a CSS right, so it'll
get the first one that I can find, okay.
And then you can see here
Editor Font Ligatures,
you have to enable that as well.
Right, so that'll allow the actual
combining of characters.
So if I go back to, don't save
over my,
>> Brian Holt: So like
if I were to turn off ligatures right now,
you can see here that I have this arrow.
But if I turned it off,
>> Brian Holt: You'll see that it gets
separated again.
So, cool.
So that's how you enable ligatures.